Calvin Crow
September 25, 2014
CIS440 – TTh 10:30 am – 75261 
Information Radiator Write-Up
The addition I would like to add to the Infusionsoft Security Compliance Metrics project is a chart or graph that shows the time that it is taking to complete each metric/initiative. The purpose behind this is that it can show them how much time it is taking to complete each metric to determine what the most difficult ones to implement are. For example, they could find out that Code Review takes twice as long as Security Testing. This would help them in two ways. First, they would know what activities need more resources dedicated to them, and second, it would help them plan better for future BSIMM initiatives. 
The implementation would be fairly simple. All that that would really be needed for this to work is an SQL query. The database just needs to be queried to find out where they are on a certain initiative (currently rated on a scale of 0 to 3), the amount of people assigned to the initiative, and the amount of hours spent on it. The current plan for Infusionsoft’s BSIMM tracking system would need to be enhanced as it currently only tracks administrators and owners; we would need to have the entire team listed as well in order to track this correctly. 
The rest is pretty simple: you just need to compare the resources (i.e. people) as well as the hours worked on the initiative as compared to what level the initiative is at.  For example, if 2 people have given 10 hours each to Attack Models and it is currently at level 2, you could state that it takes an average of 10 hours to gain a level in Attack Models. Now you take Architecture Analysis which is currently at level 1 and has 4 people that have worked 5 hours each, so you know that it takes an average of 20 hours to complete this initiative. It is easy for them to then state that they need to invest twice as many resources in Architecture Analysis if they want it to keep pace with Attack Models. 
The hardest part of implementing this feature would be the addition of all individuals to the project. Although this is a simple chart to set up in the database, you would need to build a menu to handle the adding/editing/removing of these people. I’ve programmed similar set-ups for customers before and it probably took 4 or 5 hours. However, I’m inexperienced compared to most people, so maybe this would only take an hour or two for a more experienced person as it’s pretty straightforward. I do not believe an entire “redesign” would be necessary. Beyond that, assuming that you have readily available knowledge about the current database, it would only take two or three hours to implement this. Once the chart is in place, the SQL query would be the same just with different fields. 
